Regular square R,,You landed on a regular square, nothings happens
Owned by another property square O,,You landed on an owned property, you must pay rent
Owned by another shipyard square O,,You have landed on a shipping company owned by another player, you must pay rent.
Owned by another factory square O,,You landed on a factory owned by another player, you must pay rent.
Owned by yourself property square o,,You landed on your own property, nothing happens
Owned by yourself shipyard square o,,you have landed on your own shipping company, nothing happens.
Owned by yourself factory square o,,you have landed on your own factory, nothing happens.
Not owned property square N,,You landed on an unowned property
Not owned shipyard square N,,You landed on an unowned shipyard
Not owned factory square N,,You landed on an unowned factory
Owner is in jail j,,You landed on an owned property, that owner sits in jail therefore nothing happens
GoToJail square J,,You have landed on "Go to jail", you are therefore moved to jail
Chance square C,,You have landed on a chance square, you must draw a chance card
Tax square T,,You have landed on a tax square, you must pay the tax.
Does not have fonds for rent,,You do not have the funds to pay rent, the game ends
Does not have fonds to buy,,You do not have the funds to purchase the property, the game ends
Does not have fonds to pay,,You do not have the funds to pay this expense, the game ends
Press OKS,,Press OK when you have read the card
In jail 2 options,,You are in a jail. You have to chose an option.
In jail 1 option,,You are in a jail. You don't have enough money, you must roll the dice.
Forced to buy out of jail,,Since you have tried to get out of prison with rolling of the dice 3 times, you are forced to pay yourself out. Press OK to pay.
Out of jail throws and lost,,Since you have tried to get out of prison with rolling of the dice 3 times now, and you don't have enough balance, you lose!
Did not come out of jail,,you don't come out of jail!
Jail buy out,,Pay 1000kr.
Jail roll dice,,Throw dice
Out of jail take turn,,You are now out of jail, take your turn
2 identical OK to throw,,you rolled two identical, you get an extra turn. press ok to roll.
2 identical,,since you rolled two identicals you get an extra turn.
it is,,It is
s,,'s turn.
Choose option,,Choose a menu option
Throw,,Throw the dice
Properties,,Administrate one of your properties
Pledges Propertiesm,,Mortage grounds.
End,,End turn
Choose property,,Choose one of your properties
House,,Houses and hotels
Pledge,,Pledge
Trade,,Trade
Sell,, sell the ground
Back,,Back
Price pr. house/hotel,,Price pr. house:
Pledge value,,Pledge value:
Standard rent,,Standard rent:
1 house,,1 house:
2 houses,,2 houses:
3 houses,,3 houses:
4 houses,,4 houses:
1 hotel,,1 hotel:
Price at same color,,Same color:
Status,,Status:
#Houses/hotels:,,Houses/hotels
Rent factories,,Rent: 100 * value of rolled dice.
Rent when owning all factories,,If both the factories are owned then the price is multiplied 200 times the value of rolled dice.
Rent shipyard,,Rent: 500
Rent when owning more shipyards,,The rent doubles for every extra shipyard owned.
pay 4000,,pay 4000 in taxes
pay 10,,pay 10% in taxes
pay 2000,,pay 2000 i taxes
tax,,choose between 4000 or 10%
buy,,buy the property
dont buy,,don't buy the property
buy choice,,do you want to buy the property?
Player does not own all colors,,you have to own all of the same types to build the house.
Property has too many houses,,You can't have more than one hotel.
Player does not have enough money,,You don't have enough money to pay.
House has been build,,House is built
Hotel has been build,,Hotel is built
too many identical,,Since you have thrown 2 identical 3 times, you are being sent in jail
Not yet implemented,,The Function is not yet implemented
byd,,Bid
pass,,Refuse
auction,,Auction is Started
Cant afford to bid,,You don't have enough balance to bid, therefor you have to refuse
All player properties auction,,Properties of the losing players are on auction.
Highest bid,,Highest bid is p.t.:
The winner of the auction is,,Winner of the auction is:
onlynumbers,,Please, write the numbers only.
minimum,,Write the amount you want to bid, kindly the minimum.
The game ends,,Since there is only one player left in the game, the game ends!
toohigh,,The amount entered is over your balance.
Nobody bid randon new owner,,Nobody has bade, therefore ground will be given to a random player.
Does not have fonds to buy square,,You do not have funds to buy the ground